Once you complete the actions
from the prior slide, you will get the following screen.
This data will give you a summary of all the items
in the primary area selected.
For this example we have selected the med surge primary.
It will list the total number of items,
the total amount of compliant items,
and the total amount of non compliant items.
The non compliant items will be items that have no fields
or blanks in the inventory system.
These blanks need to be reviewed and completed
with the required information.
These items can be further drilled down
and then corrected by authorized staff.
Just select the number itself
to get the detailed information.